
我是一个精疲力尽的老父亲。目前为两个小独裁者所有，受其支配，
I'm an exhausted dad. Currently owned and dominated by two mini dictators,

我对于一个话题密切关注。好像全球所有发达国家，人们都在减少生育。
I've been paying close attention to a particular headline. It seems around the world, in developed countries, people are having fewer babies.

从北美到欧洲，从中国到日本，出生率确实呈现连续下降的趋势。
From North America to Europe to China to Japan, there's actually been a consistent decline in birth rates.

事实上，在过去的50年里， 全球的生育率下降了一半。
In fact, global fertility has fallen by half over the past 50 years.

到底发生了什么？ 我身边不想生孩子的朋友 都把气候变化说成是不要孩子的原因。
What the heck is going on? Now,  my friends who don't want kids, all point to climate change as a reason for never having babies.

但是尽管有这些声音, 我还是认为我们应该生孩子。
And yet, despite all this chaos, I still think we should have babies.

我能理解为什么有些人对于要孩子持怀疑态度。 
I get why some of you might be skeptical about having babies.

我只是想说明选择生孩子 是一个非常认真而深刻的个人选择。
I just want to acknowledge that choosing to have babies is a deeply, profoundly personal choice.

我们来看看问题的另一面： 新生人口不足将如何成为影响进步的主要问题
Let's examine the flip side of the coin. At how not having enough new people is going to be a major problem moving forward

根据世界卫生组织的数据， 基于当前人口，每位女性平均需要生育2.1个子女才能保证有足够的人口完成代际更替
According to the World Health Organization, we need to average about 2.1 children per woman today just so we have enough people to replace the previous generation

很多人认为在100年内人口过剩将成为问题,但事实上，问题可能是人口稀缺
A lot of you thought overpopulation was going to be a problem in 100 years, but it might be under population

那么问题来了： 如果女性人均生育数低于2.1会怎样？
So a question:what happens if that number falls below 2.1?

这会引发一场多米诺效应。当所有人年龄逐步增加，平均寿命延长， 青年人口数量将不断减少，
There's going to be a domino effect. As all of us get older, and live longer, there's going to be a shrinking younger population

这会导致劳动力短缺, 尤其是在世界几大经济体国家。比如说美国、中国、日本、德国，
which is going to lead to lead to labor shortages,  especially in the world's largest economies. Like the United States, China, Japan, Germany

青年工作人口减少意味着税收减少， 税收减少意味着更少的钱和资源 来用于我们都将赖以生存的社会保障工程，也就是我们说的的老金和医疗保险
Fewer younger working people means less tax revenue.Less tax revenue means less money and resources to go to safety net programs that all of us are going to depend upon，I'm talking about pensions and health care

我们一开始是怎么会走到这条路上的呢？在某些情况下，这是人为造成的。 How the heck did we get herein the first place? Well, in some cases, it was intentional.

停下看看中国的情况，1980年代，为了抑制过快的人口增长，中国决定实施独生子女政策， 限制了大多数夫妻只能生育一个孩子
Let's stop in China. In the 1980s, China decided to implement the one-child policy, limiting most couples from having only one child 

尽管在2015年中国停止了计划生育，生育率仍然有显著下降
Even after ending its one-child policy in 2015, China's birth rates have largely declined. 	

事实上，中国的人口下降正在削弱其发展的最大推动力——人口。 
In fact, the falling population in China is removing one of its biggest drivers of growth -- people. 

如果这个趋势继续下去， 中国的人口将在2029年达到顶峰，然后就开始进入“无法阻止的下降”
If trends continue, China's population is actually going to peak in 2029 before entering "unstoppable decline."

中国政府现在对此非常担忧，并制作了新的宣传政策—— 乞求夫妻们为了国家而生孩子。 再来看看日本的情况，
China's government is so freaked out right now that it's actually doing new propaganda --it's begging couples to have children for the country.

日本的儿童数量已经连续37年呈现直线下降趋势。不同于其他国家，日本还无法通过外来移民工作者 实现人口数量更替。 日本将面临劳动力短缺， 将没有足够的钱维持社会保障工程
The number of kids in Japan has fallen for the 37th straight year. And unlike other countries, it has not been able to replace its population numbers through immigrant workers. There will be labor shortages and not enough money to fund the safety-net programs.



现在日本开始引入两种解决方案。 第一是经济激励。 日本一些地方政府向生育的夫妻提供经济补贴，生的越多补贴越多
Now, Japan has introduced two solutions. First, a financial incentive. Some local governments in Japan have offered couples money to have babies, with the money increasing with each additional child being born.

这种方法2014年在Ama镇产生了效果，当年该地的女性人均生育数从1.66上升到了1.8， 但纵观日本全国这一方法并未取得显著效果。
This actually worked for one year in 2014in this town called Ama. It actually raised the birth rate from about 1.66 kids per woman to 1.8. But it did not gain traction(work well) across Japan.

2018年，日本执政党的一位领导人尝试了新方法， 他告诉年轻人“你们不生孩子是非常自私的行为。"
In 2018, a leader of Japan's ruling party tried a new tack. He told young people,"You're selfish for not having babies."

令人震惊的是，羞辱并没有产生激励作用
Shockingly, shaming was not a rousing aphrodisiac

英国和西欧的一些国家 女性人均生育数大约在1.7左右， 这至少比匈牙利的1.45要好一些。
The UK and much of Western Europe has a birth rate of about 1.7 kids per woman, which at least is better than Hungary, where it hovers around 1.45.

为什么这些国家的生育率在降低？ 在有些国家， 这是由于女性的受教育程度较以前更高了。
Why is the birth rate declining in these countries?In some cases,it's because women are more literate, more educated.

她们在经济上有了更多的机会
They have more economic opportunities

印度的情况则非常神奇， 生育率确实下降了，但仍然保持在神奇的2.1之上
In India, this has been fantastic,it has actually reduced the birth rate but kept it above that magic 2.1 number.

很多年轻人拒绝生育 给出的都是同一个原因： 经济上的考量。
Many young people refuse to have children for the same reason: financial concerns.

2017年美国生育率达到历史新低, 在全世界范围内美国是生育花费最高的一个国家
The United States of America, where the birth rate hit its historic low in 2017. The United States is the most expensive country in the world to give birth.

如果你没有保险， 生一个孩子大概要花3.2万美元(约22万人民币）,  这还是在一切顺利的理想情况下
If you do not have insurance,it will cost you 32,000 dollars to have a baby, if everything goes perfectly.

美国是世界上唯一一个 不强制执行带薪产假的工业国家。
The United States is the only industrialized country in the world that does not require employers to offer paid parental leave.

“年轻的母亲，恭喜你刚生了个孩子，真可爱， 快回去工作，否则你就要被辞退了！“
"Mom, you just had a baby,congratulations, that's lovely.Get back to work or you're fired, young mom!"

我和我太太都是全职工作者，在弗吉尼亚州每月找人看孩子大约要花3500美元。
My wife and I, both working parents, pay about 3,500 dollars a month --a month -- in Virginia for childcare.

所以这是我大胆的建议。 让生养孩子更容易一些吧。
So here's my bold suggestion.Let's make it easier for people to have babies.

看起来为了将来，我们现在就要开始努力，帮助那些希望为人父母的夫妻。
It seems in order to invest in our future,we actually have to invest in the present and help those people who want to become parents.

为他们提供能承受的医疗保险， 为他们提供合适的儿童保育， 为他们提供带薪产假
Give them affordable health care, give them affordable childcare, give them paid parental leave. 

2017年，法国生育率在欧盟居于首位。为什么会这样？ 很大程度上是因为其生育政策对职业女性的保护。包括有补贴的儿童托管及带薪育儿假。
In 2017, France had the first fertility rate in the European Union. Why is this happening? Largely because of the protection of its fertility policy for working women. This includes subsidized child care and paid parental leave.

如果你还是觉得我们能对未来进行的最好投资 就是不生孩子。 我尊重你们的选择。
If you still think the best investment we can make in the future is not having children. I respect your choice.

我知道很多人不想要生孩子，是因为不想让孩子过和自己一样的人生。
I know a lot of people don't want to have children because they don't want them to live the same life as them.

生孩子确实是一场冒险，但人生就是一场冒险。

孩子总是能代表 人性中最美好、最迷人的无限可能性。
Babies have always represented humanity's best, boldest, most beautiful infinite possibilities.

如果身处发达国家的我们,从整体上选择拒绝， 对这一代和下一代不抱有希望，那人生还有什么意义？ 这荒谬的人生还有什么意义？
And if we in developed countries, as a whole, opt out, and don't invest in present and future generations, then what the hell's the point?What's the point of being on this absurd journey together?

那么对于那些有能力并选择生育的人， 愿你们传承这名为生命的美好之物，心怀善良、宽容、 体面、与爱。
for those who can and who choose to have kids, may you pass on this beautiful thing called life,with kindness, generosity,decency and love.

让我看看
let me take a look
can I have a look?
let me see


some = a few 
will = be going to
many = a lot of

连续几天
several days in a row
连续下了几天雪
it snowed for several days in a row

每隔一天
every other day
I go for a walk every other day
I go for a ride bike every other day

我三天出去吃一次
I eat out once every three days

太可惜了
such a shame
what a shame

这有几种方式
there are several options

听你的
it's your call
u are the boss

随便
whatever you want

还要多久
how long
mom how long until the dinner is ready
how much time do you need for the dinner
how long are u going to be
I am stuck in traffic but almost there

递给我
pass me the salt
would u please hand me my coat