https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1X54y1p7Dd?spm_id_from=333.788.videopod.episodes&vd_source=0c3eb8664cd9f72bd8cb2696ec924d00&p=5

我的家人,嗨，欢迎来到我家,我叫保罗

我十二岁,这是我美丽的家庭
I'm 12 years old, this is my beautiful family

我家有六口人,我妈妈,我爸爸,我的两个姐姐,我和弟弟
There are six people in my home, my mom, my dad, my two sisters, my younger brother and me

这是我妹妹奥利维亚她十岁了,她上四年级
This my sister Olivia, who is 10, she is in the forth grade
Niece 侄女/外甥女
Nephew 侄子/外甥

She is my niece on my sister side, who is 12, she is in the six grade
He is my nephew on my sister side, who is 13, in the first year of junior high school.

她喜欢读书,她最喜欢的学校科目是英语
She loves reading, her favorite school subject is English

这是我弟弟奥利弗,他七岁,他在一年级
This is my younger brother, Oliver, who is 7，he is in the first grade. 

他喜欢玩旋转陀螺,他似乎总是玩不够
He loves playing games with his spinning top. He never seems to have enough

He love playing mobile games very much. He never seems to have enough.
In China, almost all children are addicted to playing video games. To this end, the government has enacted laws requiring game development companies to limit the gaming time of minors.

这是我最小的妹妹，露西, 刚4岁. 在上幼儿园，喜欢玩她的洋娃娃
This is my youngest sister, Lucy, who has just turned 4. she is in kindergarten and loves playing with her dolls

我们相处得很好,彼此深爱着对方,但有时我们会吵架和争吵,我也是,我们通常之后很快就和好了
We get along very well and love each other very much, but well...sometimes, we have fight and arguments,too. We usually make up soon afterwards

我妈妈是护士，她在医院工作,她是如此的善良和富有同情心,她总是把病人照顾得很好
My mom is a nurse and she works in a hospital. She is so kind and compassionate, and she always take good care of the sick people

当她回到家,她总是帮助我们做作业
When she gets home, she always help us with our homework

我妈妈是个很棒的厨师,她喜欢烤美味的蛋糕
My mom is an excellent cook and loves to bake delicious cakes

我爸爸是个摄影师,他经常出差，在不同的地方拍很棒的照片
My dad is a photographer, He travels pretty often with his job, to make great pictures in different places


当他旅行回家时,他试着花尽可能多的时间和我们在一起,一起玩得很开心
When he returns home for his travels, he tries to spend as much time as possible with us and we have a lot of fun together

我们周末有时一起骑自行车
On weekends, we sometimes go on bike rides together

这是我叔叔,我妈妈的哥哥,他叫西蒙
This is my uncle, who is my mom’s brother. His name is Simon.

他和我爸爸是法理上的兄弟，我爸爸没有兄弟姐妹
He and my dad are brothers in-law. My dad doesn’t have any siblings

我叔叔很自豪有两个侄子和两个侄女
My uncle is so proud to have two nephews and two nieces

这是我姑姑,她是我叔叔的妻子,她的名字叫格蕾丝
This is my aunt. She is my uncle wife, her name is Grace.

他们有两个孩子,一个叫莉齐的三岁女儿和一个刚出生的儿子,他们是我的堂兄弟,
They have two kids, a 3 year old daughter named Lizzy and a newborn son. They are my cousins

这是我奶奶,我们正在庆祝她的生日,她快55岁
This is my grandma. We are celebrating her birthday. She is turning 55

她有六个孙子,三个孙子和三个孙女
Now she has six grandchildren:three grandsons and three granddaughters

她和我爷爷都是农民，他们住在农村的一个大农场里
She and my grandpa are farmers and they live on a big farm in the countryside.


她喜欢喂她的动物和照顾它们
She loves feeding her animals and taking care of them

她也喜欢在花园里工作,她有很多水果和蔬菜
She also enjoys working in the garden. She has many fruits and vegetables

我们喜欢在她的农场度假,她总是有那么多精彩的故事要告诉我们
We love spending our vacations on her farm. She has so many wonderful tales to tell us all the time

我爷爷六十岁了,他很有活力工作很努力,他每天早上醒得很早
My grandpa is 60 and he is pretty energetic and really hardworking. He wakes up very early in the morning every day.

在农场里很忙总是有事可做,我爷爷总是很忙,
There’s always something to do in the farm and my grand is always busy

他很风趣,他给我们讲了许多很棒的笑话，逗得我们哈哈大笑
He is very funny. He tells us many great jokes and makes us laugh so much

他们是我母亲那边的祖父母
They are my grandparents on my mother’s side

我的祖父母在我父亲那边,住在不同的国家,离我们很远,在大城市里
My grandparents on my father’s side live in a different country, very far away from us, in a big city.

他们住在一套四室公寓内的三楼
They live in a four-room apartment on the third floor

他们退休了,所以他们通常会去很多露营车旅行,他们喜欢在大自然中度过尽可能多的时间
这就是他们如此健康和精力充沛的原因
They are retired, so they have usually go on lots of camper van trips. They enjoy spending as much as time as possible in nature. That’s why they are so healthy and energetic

他们会来看我们几次,我们也常在Skype上通话
They visit us several times a year. We also talk on Skype pretty often.

