我的家乡,嗨,我叫亚历克斯,我住在奥地利西部的一个小村庄里,在山脚下的一个大山谷里.这里的人很友好
Hi. My name is Alex and I live in a small village situated in the western part of Austria, in a large valley at the foot of the mountains. People here are very friendly and we all know each other.
Austria 奥地利

这是一个非常安静的地方,空气清新,风景令人叹为观止
It’s a very quite place, the air is clean and fresh and the landscapes are breathtaking(风景叹为观止).

我最喜欢我的村庄的是你可以在这里享受几项体育活动,例如远足和山地自行车,我经常和朋友们一起去远足
What I like most about my village is that you can enjoy several sports activities(体育运动) here, such as hiking and mountain biking. I go hiking very often with my friends.

你也可以在这里尝试攀岩,我不喜欢这项运动,因为我觉得太危险了
You can also try rock climbing here. I don’t like this sport, thought.I think it is too dangerous.

在冬天,许多游客来这里滑雪和单板滑雪,滑雪是我最喜欢的运动之一
In winter, many tourists come here for skiing and snowboard. Skiing(滑雪) is one of my favorite sports, too.

I like skiing, badminton, tennis, swimming, mountain climbing and cycling
运动的好处：锻炼身体 放松精神 排解压力 释放情绪

村子上面也有一个小景点,游客也来参观我们村
There is small ski resort(旅游胜地) above the village. The tourists come and visit our village, too.

我的村子里有两家商店,一家面包店和一家杂货店,还有一所学校和一个邮局,离我家不远有一家小诊所
There are two shops in my village, a bakery and a grocery store. There’s also a school and a post office. There’s a small clinic not far away from my house.

这是一个美丽的村庄，我喜欢在农村长大,但有时会有点无聊
It’s a beautiful village, and I loved growing up in the countryside, but... sometimes it’s a little boring
I’d like to be able to move to a big city one day, because there are opportunities that you can’t find here.

我叫本,我住在一个大城市里,纽约,我住在八楼的一套三室公寓里,和我的父母和弟弟
Hi. My name is Ben and I live in a big city: New York. I live in a 3-room apartment on the 8th  floor, with my parents and my younger brother.
My city is very crowed and noisy.
My school is not very close to(far away from) where I live, so I have to take the subway.

You can reach so easily everywhere with the subway.
With the development of China's high-speed railway, you can reach most places in China within 10 hours
Reach 到达
Arrive at/in 到达具体的地方

在我的城市里有许多不同文化的人,他们说不同的语言
There are many people of all culture in my city. They speak different languages.

出租车也很好，可以把你送到你想去的地方,如果你不想等地铁
The taxis are great to get you where you want to go, if you don’t want to wait for subways.

我几乎从不和父母一起坐车去上学,因为我们总是要在交通堵塞中等上几个小时,这是我不喜欢我的城市的原因之一
I almost never go to school by car with my parents, because we always have to wait for hours in the traffic jam. That’s one of things I dislike about my city.

但幸运的是我们有很多公园,中央公园是最著名的,它是纽约市的地标
But, fortunately, we have many parks. Central Park is the most famous one. It’s a landmark in New York City.

我喜欢纽约,因为到处都是美味的食物,这么多地方和美食可以尝试
I like New York, because there is so much great food, everywhere. So many places and cuisines /kwɪˈzinz/ to try. 
Cuisine 菜肴

有电影院，你可以在那里看最新的电影
There are movie theaters, where you can watch the latest movies...
Swimming pool, sports centers, museums, school, colleges and universities.

我不喜欢摩天大楼,他们太多太高了
I don’t like the skyscrapers. They are too many too tall.
There are many skyscrapers in Shenzhen, but I don't like working in them, because it is very crowded during meal time and commuting, and the elevators are never enough.

我讨厌城市里拥挤的交通,污染和噪音,我也讨厌人群
I hate the heavy traffic in the city, the pollution and noise... and I also hate crowds

这是一个奇妙的城市,有很多事情可以做和看，但我宁愿住在较小的城市,不那么拥挤，吵闹
It’s a wonderful city. There’s a lot to do and to see, but I’d rather live in a smaller city, less crowded, less noisy.

你好,欢迎来到我的家乡,我住在哥本哈根,它是丹麦的首都,我住在市区的一套四室公寓里,和我的父母和两个兄弟姐妹在一起,
Hello, welcome to my hometown. I live in Copenhagen, which is the capital of Denmark.
I live downtown in a 4-room flat with my parents and my two siblings.

我真的很爱我的家乡,这是个居住的好地方,我从小在这里长大
I really love my hometown, it’s a great place to live. I’ve grown up here since I was a baby.

我最喜欢这个城市的是它那彩虹般的色彩缤纷,当你俯视哥本哈根的街道时
What I like most about the city is the rainbow of colors as one looks down the streets of Copenhagen.

我喜欢热闹的街道,挤满了人,还有这么多商店,咖啡馆,街头小吃摊,我认为它的魅力来自于一个小城市的感觉
I enjoy the lively streets full of people and so many shops, cafes, street food stands.
I think its charm comes from the feeling of a “small city”.

哥本哈根是一个海边城市，我经常和我爸爸一起坐船，这很有乐趣
Copenhagen is a city by the sea, so I like taking a boat ride with my dad pretty often. I have so much fun.

我出生在湖北省西南部的一个小村庄，在那里我度过了我的童年和完成了我的小学。
I was born in a small village situated in the southwest part of Hubei Province, where I spent my childhood and completed my primary school.
junior high school 初中
senior high school 高中

20年前，中国大多数农村地区贫穷落后，我们的村庄也是如此 学校教室没有通电，更不可能有电灯.
20 years ago, most of China's rural areas were poor and backward, and so was our village. There was no electricity in my school classroom, let alone electric/ɪˈlektrɪk/ lights, or any equipment that needs electricity power.

我是和我的爷爷奶奶在一起度过了我的童年，他们善良，勤劳，照顾了我真个童年生活，他们对我学习成绩没有太多的要求。
I spent my childhood in the company of my grandparents, They were hardworking and kind and take care of my life throughout my childhood. In addition, They didn't have too many requirements for my academic performance.

(在中国的历史中，农民是善良和勤劳的，但是他们总是付出太多得到太少 In Chinese history, farmers are kind and hardworking, but they always pay too much and get too little)

另外，村子里有很多同龄的伙伴，因此放学后的时间和周末和伙伴玩耍很有趣。总的来说我的童年是非常快乐的。
On the other hand, there were many peers in the village, so it was fun to play with them after school and on weekends. On the whole, my childhood was very happy.

历史 人口Demographic history

过去近9年我一直在武汉，武汉是湖北的省会，坐落在中国的中部。
I have been in Wuhan for the past 9 years. Wuhan, located in the middle of China, is the capital of Hubei province. 
世界第三大河流长江从武汉丛间穿过，因此得益于优秀的地理条件，这座城市在2000年前就被建立了。
The Yangtze River, the world's third largest river, runs through Wuhan. Thanks to its excellent geographical conditions, the city was established 2000 years ago.

武汉拥有一千三百万的居民，并且拥有非常多的大学，武汉有超过100万的18到20多岁的大学生，所以武汉也是一座非常有活力的城市。
Wuhan has 13 million residents and many universities. There are more than 1 million college students aged 18 to 20 something years old in Wuhan, so Wuhan is also a very dynamic city.

气候
武汉气候四季分明.
Wuhan has four distinct seasons.
夏天温度高到三十多度，随着全球气候变暖，近些年夏天最高气温超过40摄氏度。
The temperature in summer is more than 30 degrees Celsius/ˈselsiəs/, With the global warming, the highest temperature in summer in recent years is more than 40. 

在夏天温度很高，太阳很烈，在白天几乎无法进行任何户外活动。
The temperature is very high and the sun is very strong. It is almost impossible to carry out any outdoor activities during the day time.

冬天比较寒冷，最冷的时候温度低于0摄氏度，在冬天下雪会很常见。
It is cold in winter, and the temperature is below 0 ℃ at the coldest time. Snow is common in winter.

最舒服的月份是4月和10月左右。温度适宜，没有蚊虫，非常适合户外活动。
The most comfortable time in Wuhan are around April and October, The temperature is suitable and there are no mosquitoes. It is very suitable for outdoor activities. 
特点 characteristic

武汉有很多的湖泊和公园，东湖是亚洲最大的城市内陆湖。
There are many lakes and parks in Wuhan. East Lake is the largest urban inland lake in Asia.

东湖公园的风景非常美丽，是完美散步和户外活动圣地。你可以在哪里烧烤，放风筝，骑自行车，跑步等等。
The East Lake park is very beautiful, and it is a perfect place for walking and outdoor activities. Where you can barbecue, fly kites, ride bicycles, jog, etc.

美食
武汉有非常多的美食，最著名的是热干面，一种没有汤的面条，主要配料是芝麻酱，是武汉市民早餐的主要选择之一。特别在冬天来上一碗热气腾腾的热干面是一件快乐的事情
There are many delicious foods in Wuhan. The most famous one is Hot dry noodles, a kind of noodles without soup. The main ingredient is sesame paste, which is one of the main choices of Wuhan citizens for breakfast. Especially in winter, it is a happy thing to serve a bowl of steaming Hot dry noodles.