Mr Davis is ready to interview you now
I’m Tom Davis, the manager of LCI software 
First I’d like to congratulate you on passing aptitude test, you did very well
Congratulate somebody on something
Congratulation

So how did you hear about the job
Hear about 了解到 听说
Hear of 听说
Your father will be happy to hear of this remarkable improvement
Not hear of 不被允许 不答应
He wouldn't hear of my walking home alone
We had to hear about the whole journey from beginning to end.
从头到尾 自始至终
From beginning to end

I saw an advertisement online
I clicked on it and it brought me to you company website, where I applied for it 
I saw the job posting on the recruitment application, and then I clicked on it to learn about some information about your company before applying for this position
Makes sense, what do you know about the company so far？
It all makes sense now 现在全说得通了
Learn about 了解
The program offers an ideal opportunity for students to learn about foreign culture.

I’ve read on your website that for over ten years, LCI Software have delivered professional  services on software development projects for clients all over the world.

I can tell from the pictures and testimonials(奖状，推荐信) on the website that you do great, quality work
从...了解到
Yes we always try to do quality work
The software products we build help many brands transform their businesses

I completed a Bachelor’s Degree in Environmental Biology and a Master’s Degree in Environmental Informatics
I managed to get a job in the environmental engineering industry
But I soon realized I wasn’t cut out for that job, and decided to move to a different industry
Cut out for 合适(优点天赋的含义)
He is cut out for a football player.
I'm really cut out for this work 胜任

Suitable
I'm still not suitable to be a teacher
Appropriate  inappropriate  acceptable

I decided to take the path of a software developer

What determined you to make such a bold career shift
Bold 勇敢的 冒险的
brave and confident; not afraid to say what you feel or to take risks

I've had a great enthusiasm for technology since an early age
I’ve always loved computers and gadgets and enjoyed building them and taking them apart
I took online courses endorsed by high-profile universities and studied how to code
I have a few official software certificates
I started by building websites for people I knew
It helped me build a portfolio of projects
I got my first IOS development job at a software agency called Tech Services
I had the opportunity to learn more about the software-building process there
But, since there were not too many projects at that agency, after 2 years, I decided to look for another job
I soon start to work at an international startup company, Soft Solutions
It was a good chance to join a team
I’ve been able to use my training and experience fully at this company
I gained experience in many things like teamwork, time management and quick decision making
How long have you been working for Soft Solutions
I’ve been working there for three years
Why do you want to leave that job?
I am looking for a company where I can contribute more and grow
I am ready to take the next step of my career
What exactly made you apply for this job at our company?
I can see that your company has much future growth potential
I would love to grow my career at a company that has a great reputation in software industry
What are you strengths?
My strengths are persistence and courage, I give my all to achieve my goal in spite of any hardships I might encounter along the way
I have a hard-working nature
I am always looking for a way to improve and grow
I am also a great team player
Can you provide an example of how you acted as a team player?
I always tried to help my teammates complete their tasks if I had completed mine
Where some need to leave earlier, I would offer to cover for them

I am willing to do whatever it takes for the team or company to succeed
whatever it takes 不惜一切代价 尽一切可能
Be willing to do 愿意

Great! So... what would you do if you didn’t get on with someone on you team
Get on with sb 和某人友好相处
I would try to sort things out in a calm and rational manner
Rational manner 合理的方式 manner 方式 态度
I would do my best to get on with that person for the sake of the team
For the sake of 为了...起见
She gave up smoking for the sake of her health

What are your weaknesses?
I can be a bit too straightforward at times and sometimes that hurts people
Can be a bit 难免有点 有点
At times 有时
When I need to speak to many people, I may appear unconfident, possibly because I care about others' evaluations, but I’m working on this and try to focus more on myself

But I’m working on this, and try to stop myself from being overly direct
Work on 努力改进
Overly 过于

Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
In five years, I’d like to be seen as someone with deep expertise in software development
I hope to be offered the opportunity to take the lead on some projects
There are definitely promotion opportunities at our company
Depending on your achievements and expertise
Do you work well under pressure?
Usually I don’t panic and manage to maintain self-control
There were many tight deadlines and stressful situations at my precious jobs
I always put in extra hours and did my best in meeting the needs of the clients
I’ve always delivered high quality work and respected my deadlines

Can you tell me about a recent accomplishment or success you had?
I was part of the team that build the Louis Kitchen app
With this app,it’s easy to order your favorites, even when you’re on the go
I love creating something that people can interact with and enjoy
That’s quite impressive, I must admit

Okay, thanks so much for coming in,Mr Torres,It was great to meet you
I’ll give you a call tomorrow 
Sounds good, I look forward to it

Hello! This is Tom Davis, the manager of LCI Software, am I speaking to Mark Torres?
Yes,this is Mark Torres speaking

Great! I’m calling to inform you that your interview was successful and I’d like to offer you the job
Thanks you much, I’d love to take the job
When would you like me to start?


Hello! May I see you passport, please?
Here you go.
And where are you flying with us today?
I’m going to London. I’ll be studying there for a year.
How fun! That sounds like a great trip. I see your information right now.
Are you checking any bags today?
If you could place it on the scale for me, that would be great.
It appears your bag is just a bit too heavy
Just a bit 有一点
It is over our weight requirement
Over requirement 超过要求
exceed requirement

Perhaps you could take something out of your bag and put in you carry-on bag?
Here it is, you are all set

Sir, you need to remove your coat. And you belt
You can place them in this bin
You need to empty your pockets and put those items in the bin as well.
你要掏空你的口袋，并把那些东西也放在箱子里

Do you have any liquids in your bag?
I do. I have a water bottle and some hand lotion.
The water bottle is too big. You can either drink it right now or throw it away
Either ... or ...
Throw it away 扔掉

Stretch out your arms. I’m going to scan you body.
张开你的手臂

Are you wearing any jewelry?
Oh yeah, I think my necklace triggered the alarm. Sorry about that.

My window shade is broken, and I cannot open it to see out the window.
Would it be possible to switch seats so I can have a window with a view?

What is the purpose of your visit?
I’m going to be studying here at the local university.
How long will you be staying?
Do you have anything to declare?

1. tell me about yourself
我在2019年本科计算机科学与技术专业毕业，在上家公司里工作了4年，4年间，我从普通工程师逐渐成长为前端小组长，负责项目的开发，项目工程化建设、团队实习生培训等等。我擅长的技术有js react node，对 nextjs nestjs微前端也有了解。我是一个坚持并且充满动力的人，我自学了很多技术，并把他们应用到了工作中，大大提升了团队的工作效率，得到了同事和领导的认可。希望在新的工作中发挥专长，也期待进一步学习和提升自己。
ok well, I graduated with a Bachleor's Degree in Computer Science and Technology in 2019. I worked at my previous company for four years. During that time, I worked hard, and I went from a regular engineer to the team leader of the frontend group. As a team leader, I managed project development, set up project structures, and trained interns.
I'm skilled in JavaScript, React, and Node.js. I also have some experience with Next.js, Nest.js, Docker and Nginx . I’m very persistent and motivated. I’ve taught myself a lot of new skills and applied them to my work, which has really improved our team’s working efficiency. Both my colleagues and leaders have recognized my efforts.
I'm looking forward to using my skills in a new role and excited about the opportunity to learn more and grow professionally.


2. 你为什么离职
My first company was in Guangzhou, and I left was because of the outbreak of the epidemic. Everyone in Hubei had to stay at home and couldn't go out. I left for the second time because I had worked in my previous job for 4 years, and the work seemed repetitive and simple, During that time, I self-taught many skills. So I hope to look for a new company that can fully utilize my skills and enhance my abilities. Another reason is my girlfriend has graduated and decided to come to Shenzhen, so I came to Shenzhen too.

3. what are you strengths and weaknesses? and how would them affect your job with us?
My strengths are persistence and strong motivation. In my past work, I give my all to achieve my goals in spite of any
hardships I might encounter alone the way. for example, I had discovered many problems in the team development process. I had self-taught many front-end technologies, such as browser plugin development, NextJs, Node, NestJS. In addition, I had provided the team with many helpful plugins and scripts, greatly reducing the team's repetitive work. I am currently learning oral and listening skills, and I believe I will definitely use them in my future work. My weakness is that I am not good at exams and I dislike rote memorization, but I am better at identifying and solving problems.


4. what do you see youself in 5 years
In five years, I'd like to be seen as someone with deep expertise in the field of front-end development. However, if I become unemployed in 5 years, I don't know if I can find a new job in a Chinese company, which is also one of the reasons why I am learning English


5. 你为什么学英语
To be honest, the domestic economy and employment are very bad now. As I am experiencing now, as I grow older, if I lost my job I'm not sure I can find a new job in China. As we all know, computer technology is a universal technology in the world. If I can't get a job one day, I want to seek a remote job.

6. 介绍你做的一个项目
I would like to introduce a project that I developed for my team. I used the Node and Puppeteer to develop a plugin that automatically synchronizes the content of online documents to ours computer and writes code. This not only greatly reduces the repetitive work, but also reduces communication costs for front-end and back-end developers

7. 你为什么选择我们公司
As I mentioned before, I want a job that is close match for my own skills, qualities, experience, I believe Centific is a good choice, I'll be able to use my training and experience fully and contribute more and grow.

8. Do you work well under pressure?
Usually, I don't panic and manage to maintain sele-control.there were many tight deadlines and stressful situations at my previous jobs. I always put in extra hours and did my best to meet the deadlines. I've always delievered high quality work and respected my deadlines.

嗨，大卫,你没事吧,嗨，埃里卡,我很好,只是有点累
Hi David! Are you ok? Hi Erika! I’m fine, just a little tired.

我一直在和我的狗慢跑,我们停下来休息了一会儿
I’ve been jogging with my dog and we stopped for a while to get some rest.

嗨伙计们,很高兴见到你,你喜欢这个美丽的星期六吗?
Hi, guys! So glad to see you! Are you enjoying this beautiful Saturday?

我们肯定是,我喜欢周末
We sure are! I love weekends!

你玩滑板多久了，迈克?
How long have you been skateboarding, Mike?

我三年前开始的,我哥哥带我玩的,一开始我不喜欢,但现在我很享受
I started 3 years ago. My brother got me into it. I didn’t like it first, but now I enjoy it

你多久滑一次滑板
How often do you go to skateboarding?

大约一周两次,我喜欢它,因为它让我走出家门，很放松
About twice a week. I like it because it gets me out of the house and it’s relaxing.

你空闲时还喜欢做什么？
And what else do you like doing in you free time?

嗯,我家附近有一个游泳池，我经常和朋友去那里,这很有趣
Well, there’s a swimming pool near my house and I go there pretty often with my friends. It’s great fun

有时我和哥哥去表哥家,我们一起吃披萨看电影
Other times, my brother and I go to our cousins’ house and we have pizza and watch movies together.

或者我们在后院打篮球,我们在一起很开心
Or we play basketball in the backyard. We have such a great time together



我们也喜欢一起去看足球比赛,足球是如此美丽的运动,你可以看着球员做惊人的事情,这是世界上最好的游戏之一
We also like going to soccer matches together. 
Soccer is such a beautiful game.
You can watch players do amazing things.
It’s one of the best games in the world.

我也喜欢在空闲时间和家人去远足和露营,我喜欢它，因为你可以看到很多美丽的风景,睡在帐篷里太神奇了,因为我喜欢花时间在大自然中.
I also like going hiking and camping with my family in my free time.
I like it because you can see a lot of beautiful landscapes.
Sleeping in a tent is so amazing, because I love spending time in natures.

你呢，埃里卡,你多久骑一次自行车?
What about you, Erica? How often do you go for a bike ride?

嗯,不经常,我主要在周末做这件事,我通常和我的朋友一起骑自行车,他们一会儿就到
Well , not so often. I do it mostly on weekends.
I usually go for bike rides with my friends.
They’ll be here a little later.

你业余时间还喜欢做什么？你喜欢看电视吗
What other things do you like doing in your spare time? Do you like watching TV?

我不太喜欢,我更喜欢听音乐或弹钢琴
No, I don’t like it very much. I prefer listening to music or playing the piano.

钢琴,哇哦,你上课吗?
The piano? Wow... Do you take lessons?

我妹妹上课,我从她身上学到了,我只在做完作业需要放松的时候才弹钢琴,或者当我在学校度过艰难的一天时
No, mys sister does and I learned from her.
I play the piano only when I need to relax after doing homework or when I had a hard day at school

我也喜欢在空闲时间去听音乐会,这真是一次不可思议的经历
I also love going to concerts in my free time.
It’s such an incredible experience.

真的,我从来没去过音乐会
Really? I’ve never been to a concert.

我觉得和一群有着同样感受的人在一起真是太棒了
I think it’s so great being in a crowd of people who feel the same way you do.

你做什么你呢,戴维,你喜欢听音乐还是去听音乐会
What about you, David? Do you like listening to music or going to concerts?

是呀,我有,我喜欢听雷鬼音乐,我只去过一次音乐会
Yes, I do! l love listening to reggae music.
I’ve only been once to a concert.

我也喜欢看漫画,我哥哥有很多漫画,他借给我,我读得很开心
I also like reading comics. My brother has lots of comic and he lends them to me.
I have so much fun reading them.

另一个空闲时间的活动是和我哥哥玩电子游戏
Another free time activity is playing video games with my brother.

户外活动怎么样,我看得出你喜欢慢跑
What about outdoor activities? I can see you enjoy jogging

是的，慢跑和棒球. 我加入了一个棒球俱乐部，每周去两次
Yes, jogging and baseball. I joined a baseball club and I go there twice a week

我看得出你很喜欢运动,戴维
I can see you really are into sports, David.

是啊,我是一个很活跃的人
Yeah, I am a very active person.

你呢,你没有参加任何俱乐部吗？
What about you? Haven’t you joined any club?

我加入了国际象棋俱乐部,这是一个很好的娱乐方式,结交新朋友，保持头脑清醒.
I have joined the chess club. It’s a great way to have some fun, make new friends and keep my mind sharp!

你多久去一次象棋俱乐部？
How often do you go to the chess club?

我每个星期六去一次
I go once a week, on Saturdays.

我加入了一个马俱乐部,到目前为止，这是一次奇妙的经历
我一直很喜欢马,从我还是个孩子的时候
我的梦想是能骑马,我学会了如何照顾马
它们是如此美丽和强壮的马
给我带来如此多的欢乐
I have joined a horse club.
It has been an amazing experience so far.
I have always loved horses, since I was a child and it was my dream to be able to ride a horse.
I learned how to take care of the horses.
They are so beautiful and strong!
Horses bring me so much joy!

你真的说动了我加入这个俱乐部,我想知道骑马是什么感觉
You really convinced me to join this club, too! I wanna know what it feels like to ride a horse.

我也是，我也想试试。
Same here! I wanna try, too.

太好了，让我们下周一起去，我会打电话给你，让你了解详情
Great! Let’s go together next week.
I will call you and let you know the details.

谢谢迈克,我等不及了, 我也是。
Thanks, Mike! I can’t wait! Neither can I!

好的,我现在得走了,我要去滑冰公园，拜拜。
Ok, I have to go now.
I’m going to the skate park.
It was nice talking to you. See ya!