How old are you?

I'm Leo, just turned 30.  I can't believe that I am already 30. In China, turning 30 has a special meaning. There's a famous saying by Confucius, an ancient Chinese philosopher, "At thirty, one should stand on one's own two feet." What it means is, by 30, you should be truly independent. That includes being independent in your family life, like getting married. It also means being financially independent, having your own career achievements and being able to support yourself without relying on your parents. It's about having your own ideas and making important decisions on your own. But honestly, a lot of 30-year-olds in China, including me, haven't quite reached that point yet.

询问年纪的回答
你猜 take a guess
我忘了 I can’t remmember
下个月30 I'll be 30 in a month
三十出头  I’m in my early thirties
我是1998年生的，你算吧 I was born in 1998. You do the math
我中年了 I'm in my middle age
大到可你当你爸爸了old enough to be your father
成年了 I'm legal
可以喝酒的年纪了 old enough to drink
我大二了， 但是已经20岁了 I'm as sophomore in college, but I'm already twenty


What do you do?

I’m between jobs. I used to be a programmer. More precisely, I am a front-end developer. Five years ago, I completed a Bachleor Degree in Computer Science and Technology. And then, I had been working for a company for 4 years. But I resigned six month ago. Now I am working from home as a freelancer.

我之前在美容院做美发师，但是现在不做了
I used to work in a beauty parlor as a hairdresser, but not any more.
used to do sth
not any more

我是个交通警察
I'm a traffic cop

我是个全职的家庭主妇。
I'm a full-time housewife

我是个家庭主妇，但我在一家日本料理店兼职
I'm a housewife, but I have a part-time job in a Japanese
restaurant

我是个大学生，但我在一家加油站打工。
I am a college student, but I work part-time at a gas station.

我在国家政府部门上班
I work for the national government
市政府 city government
我过去在市政府上班，但我上个月退休了。
I worked for the city government, but I retired last month.

我是北京人寿的寿险经理人。
I am a life insurance manager for Beijing Insurance Institute.

我曾经是一名银行职员，但我上个月辞职了。目前我正在求职
I used to be a bank clerk, but I resigned last month. Now I am
seeking employment

我现在在陆军/海军/空军/海军陆战队服兵役
I am in the Army / Navy / Air Force / Marines at present.

我刚建立我的个人工作室。这是我的名片。
I just started my personal studio. Here is my business card.

我在市区开了一家咖啡店
I own a coffee shop in the downtown area.

你在哪儿上班？(你们的公司在哪里?)
Where do you work? Where is your office located? 

事实上我在家工作。我是个自由撰稿人
Actually I work from home. I'm a freelance writer.

我在南京一家工厂上班
I work in a factory in Nanjing

我上班的办公大楼在成都市政府附近。
The office building where I work is near Chengdu City Hall.

公司在朝阳区，但我很少待在办公室里，因为我的工作需要经常出差。
The office is in Chaoyang. But I seldom stay in the office because my job requires lots of traveling.

我在百货公司上班。我是那儿的童装销售员。
I work in department store. I'm a salesclerk in children's garments there.

My office is located in Hongshan District of Wuhan. But as a programmer, computers are one of my work tools. I need to stay in the office all day long. Most programmers have many occupational diseases, Because they need to maintain a posture facing the computer screen for a long time, which can damage their eyes, lumbar spine /ˈlʌmbə(r) spaɪn/, cervical spine/ˈsɜːvɪkl spaɪn/. I don't really like my profession. I would rather travel outside than sit in the office all day long.

Where is your office? Where do you work? Where is your office located?
My office is located in Hongshan District of Wuhan. But as a programmer, computers are one of my work tools. I need to stay in the office all day long. Most programmers have many occupational diseases, Because they need to maintain a posture facing the computer screen for a long time, which can damage their eyes, lumbar spine /ˈlʌmbə(r) spaɪn/, cervical spine/ˈsɜːvɪkl spaɪn/. I don't really like my profession. I would rather travel outside than sit in the office all day long.
In addition, most software companies' buildings are located in the city center rather than the suburbs, but the rent for apartments in the city center is high, so most employees live far away from the office, which leads to them spending a lot of time commuting between the office and home every day. Also, during rush hour, traffic jam is a frustrating thing. Needless to say, the vast majority of people always exhausted when they come home after work.

Where are you from? Where do you come from? Which country do you come from?
I'm from China, which is located in Eastern Asia. If you're a food lover, you won’t be disappointed in China. By the way, do you care for hotpot? If you are willing to visit China, don’t miss it. I promise you'll absolutely love it.
If you live in a city in China, your life will be very convenient and safe, and you can even hang out at midnight. Besides, most people are friendly and willing to help foreigners.

我大多数时候五点半下班。我可能是全公司最早离开办公室的人。因为我坚持按时下班，所以白天会尽可能高效工作。
Five thirty, mostly. I am probably the one who leaves the office earliest in my company. Since I insist on coming off work on time, I try to work as efficiently as possible during the day.

What city are you from?
Where do you live?
Where is your apartment located?
Where are you staying?
Where exactly do you live?
I live nearby

Before I got the job, I lived with my family in the suburbs of Beijing. Now I live in a boarding house near the factory where I work. Actually, it’s the first time I have ever lived without my parents. I’m not used to it yet, but I know it’s time for me to learn to be independent. Wish me luck.

现在我仍跟我爸妈住，但我两星期后就会搬出去。我的公寓很小但是很温馨，而且离我爸妈家只有两条街远，所以我会经常去看他们。哦，对了，我要举办一个乔迁派对，你要不要来玩啊？
Right now I'm still living with my parents, but I'll move out in two weeks. My apartment is tiny but cozy, and it's only two blocks from my parents', so I will visit them a lot. Oh, by the way, I'm giving a housewarming party. Would you like to come and have some fun?

My house is just around the corner.我家就在拐角那儿。
I live in the downtown area.我住在市区。
I live in the staff dormitory.我住在员工宿舍。
I live in a boarding house near school.我住在学校附近的宿舍。
My apartment is only two blocks away from here 我的公寓离这儿只有两条街远。
I live with my parents in an old apartment in Tianjin. 我跟我爸妈住在天津一栋旧公寓里。
My family lives in Changping, in the northwest of Beijing.我家住在昌平，在北京的西北部。
I live near the West Lake with my family. What about you? 我跟家人住在西湖附近。你呢？
Are you serious? I have lived next to you for three years. 你是认真的吗？我住在你隔壁已经三年了

In China, most teenagers live in school dormitories during high school or even middle school because schools require students to live on campus. On the one hand, this saves commuting time and allows them to spend more time on studying. On the other hand, for safety reasons, frequent commuting between school and home increases safety risks.

Mostly before six p.m.大部分时候在下午六点以前。
Normally five p.m.一般是下午五点。
Around eight.八点左右。
By seven, if possible.如果可能的话，七点以前。
I try to leave the office by five thirty.我尽量在五点半以前离开办公室。
Not until nine p.m.晚上九点以后。
If I don't have to work overtime, six thirty.如果不用加班，就是六点半。
I work the night shift, so I get off duty at seven a.m.我上夜班，所以我早上七点下班。
上白班时是晚上八点，上夜班时是早上八点。
Eight p.m. when I work the day shift, and eight a.m. when I work the night shift.
Not until I finish all my daily tasks.做完我每天的工作就能下班。
It depends, because my work schedule varies week by week.不一定，因为我的工作计划表每周都会变动。

下班后你做什么？
What time do you usually come off work? What time do you get off duty? When can you leave the office?
I usually go straight home after I come off work. I seldom hang out with friends on weekday, because it’s usually very late when I get off duty. After a long tiring day, what can be more relaxing than a nice hot bath?

身为一个忙碌的职业女性，我真的没有太多时间可以运动。所以我总是会在下班后去健身中心，并花至少一个半小时的时间做有氧运动。对我来说，规律的运动与充足的睡眠一样重要。
As a busy career woman, I really don't have much time to exercise. So I always go to the fitness center after work, and spend at least one and a half hours doing aerobic exercise. To me, regular exercise is as important as sufficient sleep.

我直接回家。我不想错过晚上和家人共处的珍贵时光。
I go straight home. I don't want to miss the quality time with my family in the evening.
我通常会买些外带食物，然后在我的小公寓里享用晚餐
I usually grab some takeout and enjoy my dinner in my tinyapartment.

我会先到学校接孩子，然后在到家之后准备一顿便捷的晚餐给全家人吃。
I go pick up my children at school and then fix the whole family a quick dinner after we get home.
我喜欢为自己做一顿简餐，然后一边看晚间新闻一边享用它
I like to fix myself a light dinner and enjoy it while watching the evening news on TV.

还能有什么？我回家休息。
What else? I go home and rest.
我会花一整晚上网聊天。
I spend the whole night chatting on the Internet.
I go to the gym after work every day.我每天下班后都会去健身房。
我一般都会在回家之前在咖啡店待一两个小时，看看书或吃点什么。
I normally spend an hour or two reading or get something in a cafe before I go home.

没有。我跟我爸妈处不来。我大学一毕业就搬出来了。事实上我和爸妈的关系在我搬出来之后变得更好了，所以我从来没有想过要搬回去跟他们一起住。
No. My parents and I don't get along. I moved out as soon as I graduated from college. My relationship with my parents actually became better after I moved out, so it never occurred to me that I should move back and live with them.

是的，我跟我父母很亲近。我们不住在一起，但我几乎每天都会跟妈或爸爸通电话，而且我尽可能经常地去看他们。对我来说，他们绝对这世界上最亲密、最重要的人。
Yes, I am very close to my parents. We don't live together, but talk to my mom or dad on the phone almost every day, and I try t visit them as often as I can. To me, they are absolutely the deares and the most important people in the world.
I'm not really close to my parents. Actually sometimes I think they are not very involved in my life. I wonder if they believe in a liberal parenting style or they just don't really care about what I do.Is there something wrong with my relationship with my parents?我跟我父母并不是很亲近。事实上有时候我认为他们跟我的生活并没有很大的联系。我不知道他们是推崇民主的亲子教育法，还是根本不关心我在做什么。我跟父母之间的关系是否有问题呢？

你跟父母都相处得好吗？
Do you get along with both parents?
So so.还好。Yes. We are very close.是的，我们非常亲近。
当然啊，他们毕竟是我的爸妈啊。
Definitely. They are my parents after all.
Of course. They are like my friends，当然，他们就像是我的朋友。
Oh yes, I am. We can talk about anything.哦，是的。我们什么事都能聊。
Yes. My parents are my dearest family.是的，我的双亲是我最亲密的家人。
I used to be, but not so much these days.曾经是的，但现在不再那么亲近了。
Not really. We see each other like once or twice a year.不亲。我们一年大概见一两次面吧。
We used to be close, but my father never talked to me after I married. He doesn't like my husband.
我们曾经很亲近，但我父亲在我结婚后就不再跟我说话了。他不喜欢我丈夫。
Not at all. They kicked me out when I was a teenager.
一点也不。他们在我还是少年时就把我赶出家门了。
Are you kidding me? I haven't seen them for decades.
你在跟我开玩笑吗？我几十年没见过他们了。


我没有兄弟姐妹。我一直都很想有个兄弟或姐妹，但我爸妈在我出生之后就决定不再生小孩。有时候我真的很羡慕那些有兄弟姐妹的人。哎呀，这也没办法，我想我只能接受了。
I don't have any. I have always wanted to have a brother or a sister, but my parents decided not to have another child after I was born. Sometimes I do envy those who have siblings. Well, it can't be helped, and I guess I just have to live with that.

我有个哥哥，但我觉得他跟我的生活并不是真的有什么关系。他比我年长十五岁，在我五岁的时候，他就结婚成家了。我甚至不记得上次我们见面是什么时候。这很难想象，对吗?
I have an elder brother, but I don't think he's really involved in my life. He is fifteen years older than me. He got married and had a family when I was five. I can't even remember the last time we saw each other. Unimaginable, isn't it?

Do you have any siblings?/Do you have any brothers and sisters? 你有兄弟姐妹吗？
1. I'm an only child.我是独生子/独生女。
2. I don't have any brothers and sisters. I'm the only child in my family.我没有兄弟姐妹。我是家里唯一的孩子。
3. I had an elder sister, but she died when she was two.
我有个姐姐，但她两岁时就死了。
4. I have two elder sisters.我有两个姐姐。
5. I have an elder brother and a younger sister.
我有一个哥哥和一个妹妹。
6. I have three half-brothers, but we don't live together.我有三个同父异母（或同母异父）的兄弟，但我们不住在一起。7.Only a half sister.只有一个同母异父（或同父异母）的姐妹。8. Just one. My half brother.
只有一个。我同母异父（或同父异母）的兄弟。
9. Oh, I have four brothers and five sisters. We are a very big
family.哦，我有四个兄弟和五个姐妹。我们是一个很大的家庭。
10. I have two brothers and one sister, but we're not very close.
我有两个兄弟和一个姐妹，但我们不是很亲近。

呃，这有点复杂。我是我爸妈的第二个孩子，但是他们的第一个孩子，也就是我哥哥，出生后不久就死了。所以我只是名义上的第二个孩子。实际上我更像是我家的长子。
Well, it's a bit complicated. I'm the second child of my parents,but their firstborn, my brother, died soon after birth. So I'm the second child in name only. I act more like an eldest son in my family in reality.

我是三个孩子中最小的。我有一个哥哥和一个姐姐。我真的很喜欢当老小。我爸妈和哥哥姐姐都很疼爱我，对我几乎是有求必应。但别误会，我可没被宠坏。
I'm the youngest of three children. I have an elder brother and an elder sister. I really enjoy being the youngest child. My parents and my siblings love me dearly and almost grant me whatever I ask. But don't get me wrong. I'm not spoiled.

1. "m the firstborn.我是长子。
2. I'm the first of three children. I have two younger sisters.
我是三个小孩中的老大。我有两个妹妹。
3. I'm the eldest son /daughter in my family，我是我家的长子/长女。
4. I'm the second child of three.我在三个小孩中排行老二。
5. Im the youngest child of three.我在三个小孩中排行老小。6. I'm the youngest child in my family. 我是我家的老小。7.Im the second son /daughter.我是次子/次女。
8. I'm the third of five children, and I am the only boy.
我在五个小孩中排行老三，而且我是唯一的男孩。
9. I'm a middle child.我排行中间。
10. I'm the middle of three children. I have an elder sister and a younger brother.
我在三个小孩中排行中间。我有一个姐姐和一个弟弟。
11. I'm the last of four children. I have three elder brothers. Being their younger sister is probably the best thing in my life.
我是四个小孩中的老小。我有三个哥哥。当他们的小妹可能是我人生中最棒的一件事。


因为我和我丈夫前不久刚结婚，所以我们目前并不急着要小孩。我们都赞同在没有经过仔细筹划的情况下不应该仓促地生孩子。至少，我们在购买自己的房子之前不会要孩子。
Well, since my husband and I just got married not long ago,we're not in a hurry to have children at the present time. We both agree that we shouldn't rush into having kids without careful planning. To the least extent, we won't have kids until we buy an apartment of our own.

有呀，我们从动物收容所领养了一只狗。(她）)温和的性格深得我们的宠爱，而且（她）对孩子们特别的忍让。我们很高兴我们带(她)回家，否则（她）可能早被安乐死了。
Yes, we adopted a dog from the animal shelter. She has won our affection with her gentle temperament, and she is especially tolerant with kids. We were glad that we took her home; otherwise she could've been put to sleep.

没有，我对养宠物没兴趣。我邻居家的狗对着每个路人都吠叫。上个星期，其中一只狗还差点咬了身旁的一个小孩。虽然我不反对养宠物，但我觉得养宠物的人应该对他们宠物的行为负责。
No, it's not my thing. My neighbors' dogs bark at every passer-by. Last week, one of them almost bit a child close by.Although I am not against people who have pets, I think they should be responsible for their pets' behavior.

Have you got a pet?/Do you have a pet?
你有宠物吗？
1. Yes, I have a dog. His name is Boxer.
有啊，我有一只狗。他的名字叫拳击手。
2. Of course. I have had a cat for more than ten years.
当然。我养了一只猫超过十年了。
3. Yeah, my parents got me a rabbit for my birthday last year.
有，我爸妈去年在我生日时送了我一只兔子。
4. Yes, I do. I have a hamster and some fish.有。我有一只仓鼠和一些鱼。
5. Well, I used to have a parrot, but it died a couple years ago. Now I want no pets.
嗯，我曾经养过一只鹦鹉，但是它几年前死了。现在我不想养宠物。
6. I have three Labradors. They are fun but crazy sometimes.我有三只拉布拉多犬。它们很好玩，但有时候有点疯狂。
7. No,I am allergic to animals.没有，我对动物过敏。
8. No, my mom doesn't allow any pets at home.没有，我妈不准我在家养宠物。
9. It's a pity. I am not allowed to have pets in my apartment.
很可惜，我不能在我住的公寓里养宠物。
10. No. I wish I could have a dog, but I am not good at taking care of animals
没有，我真希望我能有只狗，但我不擅长照顾动物。
11. No, I haven't had a pet since my first cat died.
没有，自从我第一次养的猫死了之后，我就没有再养过宠物了。
12. No, not yet, but I am considering about getting a dog from the animal shelter.不，还没有，但我正考虑从动物收容所领养一只狗。

我是夜猫子的典型代表。时间越晚，我越觉得精力充沛。但最近我决定要改变我的生活习惯，因为我发现跟一般公司安排的作息不同步会影响到我的事业。
I am the epitome of an evening person. The later it is, the more energetic I feel. But recently I decided to alter my life style because I found that being out of sync with the typical corporate schedule can put my career at risk.

我曾经是个夜猫子，直到有一天我突然意识到熬夜对我的健康不好。现在在工作期间我起得很早，并在十一点前就寝。老实说，我一点也不怀念夜生活。
I used to be a night owl until one day it suddenly dawned on me that staying up late wasn't good for my health. Now, I get up early and go to bed before 11 o'clock during the weekday. Honestly, I don't miss the nightlife at all.
1. Are you a night owl?你是夜猫子吗？
2. Do you always stay up late? 你总是熬夜吗？
3. Are you more active at night or during the day?

哦，没错。我的大脑在晚上七点以前是不会开始运作的。
1. Oh yes, my brain never starts to function before 7 p.m.

嗯，我想是吧。我喜欢熬夜。
2. Yes, I think so. I like to stay up late.是啊，我是。我总是很难早起。
3. Yes, I am. I always have a problem getting up early.是的，在夜深人静的时候我的工作效率最高。
4. Yes, I work most efficiently when it's quiet at night.
5. Yeah,I am definitely a night owl.对，我绝对是个夜猫子。
6. Yes, I would say so, and that's why I usually feel sleepy during the day.对，我算是，所以我才会经常在白天犯困。
7. No, not any more. I stopped being an evening person after I found bags under my eyes.
不，现在不是了。在我发现我有眼袋之后就不再当夜猫子了。
8. Not really. I like to get up early and have more time to prepare for work.不算是。我喜欢早起，以便有多一点时间来准备上班。
9. No, I am not. I don't think it's healthy to stay up late.不，我不是。我认为熬夜不利于健康。
10. Not at all. Even on the weekend I sleep at around 10 p.m.根本不是。即使是周末我也会在十点左右就上床睡觉。
11. No, I am totally the opposite. I'm a morning person.不，刚好相反。我是个喜欢早起的人。

Are you a shy or an outgoing person?你是个内向的人还是外向的人？
I am kinda in between.介于两者之间吧。

跟男生说话时，我特别害羞。我的害羞已经困扰我很多年了。我忍不住去想为什么有些人跟在舞会或其他场合遇到的任何人都可以闲聊。我真希望我可以健谈一点而不要那么拘谨。
I am way too shy when talking to boys. My shyness has been bothering me for ages. I can't stop wondering why some people can chat up anyone they meet at parties or at any occasion. I wish I could be more out-spoken and less reserved.

我不是天生就很外向的。我是一步一步慢慢变成比较喜欢社交的。当我一踏出那个令自己觉得舒适的领域，在众人面前表现得自信似乎就不再那么困难了。但是请相信我，刚开始这并不容易。
I am not outgoing by nature. I took a step at a time to become more social. Once I stepped out of my comfort zone, being assertive around people didn't seem very difficult any more. But trust me, it wasn't easy in the beginning.

1. What kind of person are you? Shy or outgoing?
你是哪种人，内向还是外向？
2. Do you think you are shy or outgoing?
你认为自己是内向的还是外向的人？
3. How would you describe yourself? 你会如何形容你自己？

1. I am not very assertive, so I guess I am shy.我不是很武断，所以我想我应该算是内向的人吧。2.1am somewhat shy.我有点内向。
3. I think I am an introvert.我想我是个内向的人。
4. I always find it difficult to talk in public and it's probably because I am
too shy. 我总是觉得很难在众人面前讲话。这很可能是因为我太内向了。
5. I am a little too shy when I talk to girls.
当和女生说话时，我有点太害羞。
6. I am not shy with friends, but can get a little bit shy when I am with strangers.
我跟朋友在一起时不会内向，但是跟陌生人在一起时就会有点放不开。
7. I am definitely an outgoing person.我绝对是个外向的人。
8. I am not shy at all. I like to make new friends.我一点都不内向。我很爱结交新朋友。
9. I am certainly outgoing. I am very sociable.我当然是外向的啊。我非常善于交际。
10. You know me. I like to go out and party.你也知道我这个人啊，我很爱外出和参加派对。
11. I think I am in between, but people usually think I am outgoing.我想我是介于两者之间，但大家通常认为我是外向的。
12.I was very shy when I was a child, but now, I'm totally the opposite.我小时候非常内向，但现在完全相反。

early bird/早起的人
night owl/夜猫子
outdoor person 随和的
energetic 有活力的
often lose things 常常丢三落四

我的爱好是网页设计。直到最近我的爱好才变成了我的事业。我接受了一个项目，工作内容包含了制作并维护一家大公司的网站。这是一个挺大的挑战，但我很爱这工作的每项内容。
My hobby is web design. It was only recently that I turned my hobby into a business. I took on a project which involves production and maintenance of a big company's website. It's quite a challenge, but I love every bit of it.

该从哪说起呢？我有好多种爱好。我喜欢户外活动和所有冒险的事。最近我非常痴迷于跳伞，我觉得这活动真是又刺激又让人感到放松。天气暖和一点时，我也会去冲浪。
Where to start? I am involved with so many hobbies. I love outdoor activities and everything adventurous. Recently I am deep into skydiving. I find it both thrilling and relaxing. When it's warmer,I will also start surfing.

1. What's your favorite pastime?你最喜欢的消遣活动是什么？
2. What activities do you do for fun?你会为了好玩而做什么活动？
3. Do you do something special to fill your leisure time?
你会做什么特别的事情来打发你的闲暇时间吗？

我喜欢听音乐，各种音乐都听。
I like to listen to music. I listen to all kinds of music.
I usually bookmark interesting articles, and read them when I have time.
我通常会把有趣的文章用书签做记号，有空的时候就会阅读。
My hobby is swimming. I swim at least three times a week, even in winter.我的爱好是游泳。即使是在冬天，我一星期也至少会游三次。
When I have free time, I always practice yoga or Pilates. 我有空的时候，都会练瑜伽或普拉提。
My new passion is metal art.我的新爱好是金属艺术。
I am into computers.我很爱玩电脑。
My husband and I share the same hobby. We like mountain biking.我老公跟我有一样的爱好。我们喜欢骑自行车登山。
My hobbies are sports, computer games and reading.我的爱好是运动、电脑游戏和阅读。


我不是存心让你久等的。刚刚我在路上堵车了。我本应该打电话给你的，但是我没带手机。我可以做些什么来补偿你吗？我们出去吃些东西好吗？晚餐我请客。
Oh, I didn't mean to keep you waiting. I was stuck in trafie earlier. I should've phoned you, but I didn't have my mobile phone with me. Can I do anything to make if up to you? Why don't we go out and get something to eat? Dinner is on me.

我大概太经常在外面吃饭了。我就是无法抗拒在豪华餐厅里享受美食的诱惑。有时的确很贵，但谁在乎呀！我只要在其他方面省一点，然后把钱花在美食上就好了。
I probably eat out way too often. I just couldn't resist dining on culinary delights in fancy restaurants. It can be expensive from time to time, but who cares! I just save on other things and spend more money on fine food.


问得好。事实是我们家没有人做饭。每个人的作息时间都不一样，所以没有人在家里吃。我自己通常在快餐店吃。我应该开始做饭，但是不知道该如何着手。
That's a good question. The truth is none of the family does really. Everyone seems to have a different schedule so nobody dines in. I myself usually eat at a fast food restaurant. I should start to cook, but I don't know how to go about it.

如果有人想要成为一个素食主义者，就做吧！但我比较喜欢包含肉类的均衡饮食。我喜欢海鲜，更爱肉类。要我在日常饮食中多吃一点蔬菜没问题，但是要我成为一个素食主义者是不可能的。
If people want to be a vegetarian, go ahead. But I prefer a more balanced diet which includes meat. I love seafood, and meat even better. Adding more vegetables in my daily diet is fine, but asking me to become a vegetarian is out of the question.

会呀，我正在考虑成为一个素食主义者呢。
1. Yes, I'm actually thinking about being a vegetarian.
2. Of course, I wouldn't mind being a vegetarian at all.
当然，我一点也不介意成为一个素食主义者。
3.Sure,I would love to give it a try.当然，我很乐意试试看。
4. Who knows, maybe it's not a bad idea at all.
谁知道呢？也许这是个不错的主意。
5. Yes, if it's gonna help me lose some weight.
如果吃素可以帮我减肥的话，我会的。

1. No way! I love meat too much.门儿都没有！我太爱吃肉了。
2.Nope！ I wouldn't do that.不会！我不会吃素的。
3. Of course not. I can't imagine myself being a vegetarian at all.
当然不会。我完全无法想象自己是一个素食主义者。
4. Well, I tried before, but I gave up three days later.
嗯，我以前尝试过，但是三天后我就放弃了。

哦，不。吃夜宵不健康，不是吗？有时我先生会觉得抵抗零食的诱惑是很困难的，说他非常想来一包薯片。但是我告诉他，我死都不会让他吃垃圾食品的。
Oh no. Late night snacking is not healthy, is it? Sometimes my husband finds it difficult to fight against the temptation to snack,saying he is dying for a bag of chips. But I tell him he could eat junk food over my dead body.

我想我大概喝得有点太多了。每个周末，我跟朋友聚在一起，天知道我喝了多少含有酒精的饮料。老实说，我并不为此感到骄傲。我一定要少喝一点，我发誓。
I think I might drink a little too much. Every weekend, I spend time hanging out with friends, drinking God knows how many alcoholic beverages. Honestly, I am not proud of it. I must stop drinking so much. Cross my heart.

我不抽烟。老实跟你说，我受够了有些人在我旁边抽烟了。我很讨厌那些不顾非吸烟者感受的烟枪。更糟的是有些人甚至会在他们孩子面前抽烟。
I don't smoke. To be honest with you, I am fed up with people smoking around me. I despise those smokers who don't care about nonsmokers' feelings. And what's worse is that some people even smoke around their children.

I probably have the best situation imaginable. I have a twobedroom apartment in the center of the city all by myself, priced at US$4,000 for which I only pay US$2,500. Not bad, huh? The apartment is in great condition and I even have a rooftop terrace.我可能遇到了最好的情况。我在市中心自己住一套双卧室公寓，要价四千美元，而我只需付两干五百美元，不错吧？公寓的条件良好，我甚至还有一个顶楼阳台。

我住在我们城市最安全的地区。许多家庭不将大门上锁就出门去了。他们大部分都在这儿住了好几代，并且互相信任。能成为这社区的一分子实在很棒。
I live in the safest neighborhood in our city. Many families would go out and leave their front doors unlocked. Most of them have lived here for generations and they trust one another. It's great to be part of the community.

所有的地方都有好有坏。虽然我在郊区环境中长大，但我现在却很享受大都市能提供的方便性。我从不厌倦住在这儿。我想在我年纪大到可以安顿下来之前，我都会待在现在这儿。
All places have ups and downs. Although I grew up in a suburban environment, now I really enjoy the convenience a big city can offer. I never get bored living here. I think before I am old enough to settle down, I will stay where I am.

我住在都市里，而且在某种程度上我还挺喜欢的。但是我怀疑自己是不是被噪音以及忙碌的都市生活方式搞得压力很大。我不介意搬离都市并在乡村环境中拥抱宁静。你觉得怎么样?
I live in the city and I love it to an extent. But I wonder if I get stressed out by the noise and busy urban life style. I wouldn't mind leaving the city behind and embrace the tranquility in a country environment. What do you say?

我家人住在这一地区好像有一辈子那么久了。我爸妈不喜欢到处搬。有时候我觉得我被困在这儿了。这个小镇没什么不好，但是我未来想要住得离都市近一些。祝我好运吧。
My family has been living in this area like forever. My folks don't like to move around. Sometimes I feel I am stuck here. There's nothing wrong with this small town, but I want to live closer to the city in the future. Wish me good luck.

我相信好的距离造就好的邻居。这些年我们的邻居都很有礼貌，然而我们都跟对方保持着安全距离。大部分时间他们都只管自己的事情。那就是我所需要的。
I believe good fences make good neighbors. Through the years, our neighbors have been polite and yet we keep a safe distance from each other. They tend to mind their own business most of the time. That's exactly what I need.

我一个人住在一个宽敞的公寓里，公寓里有一个很好的健身房。我朋友喜欢来过夜，所以这就像家一样。大部分时间我们会在这儿放松或是煮些简单的东西当晚餐吃。我觉得住在这里很舒服。
I live by myself in a spacious condo with a nice workout room in the complex. My friends like to sleep over, so it feels like home.Mostly we just chill out or cook something simple for dinner. I feel so comfortable living here.

事实上，我不会。你知道，他们并不是全都想要坐下。在我被婉谢很多次之后，我就不再让座了。有一次我给一个孕妇让座，她看着我说：“我只是胖，不是怀孕。”
In truth, I wouldn't. You know, not all of them want to sit down,and after I got a bunch of declinatures, I stop giving seats.I once offered my seat to a pregnant lady. She looked at me and said, "I am just fat, but I am not pregnant."

就像其他大都市一样，我住的城市总是有太多车。大多数人，包括我，会搭公交车或地铁通勤到市中心。我宁可花一点时间等地铁，也不想困在交通堵塞中。
Like any other big city, there's always too much traffic in my city.Most people, including me, commute to the city center by bus or by metro. I'd rather spend a little time waiting for a metro ride than be stuck in traffic jams.

It is no easy task to drive in the city. It took me over an hour to get home from work today, and it's only a 10-minute drive at off peak times.Since I am always stuck in traffic, I might just ride my bike to work.在都市开车并不是件容易的事。今天我就花了超过一小时从公司回到家，而在非高峰时间只要十分钟车程而已。既然我总是被堵在路上，我可能会干脆骑自行车上班。

1. Usually it's pretty good. It only takes me 20 minutes to go to school by bus.通常还不错。搭公交车到学校只要二十分钟。
2. For a big city, it's really not bad. I live 10 km from work, and usually it takes me 20 minutes to get here.对一个大都市来说，真的不错了。我住在离公司十干米远的地方，去上班通常要二十分钟。
3. It's very convenient. Every morning it takes me less than 15 minutes to get to school with my bike.
非常方便。每天早上我都花不到十五分钟就能骑自行车到学校了。
4. I have nothing to complain about.我没什么好抱怨的。
5. The city has overcome some major traffic problems. It's pretty good, I would say. 这个城市已经克服一些主要的交通问题了。我会说这是挺好的。6. The metro system really changed our lives in the city.
地铁系统真的改变了我们在都市的生活。

我周末通常都会待在家里。过了又长又累的一周之后，我只想尽可能地多休息。我不开电脑，而且会把手机关机。我需要一个不受打扰的周末。看电影？不，免了。
I usually stay in during the weekend. After a long tiring week, all I want to do is to get as much rest as possible. I don't use the computer and I'll switch off my cellphone. I need an undisturbed weekend. Movies? No, I'll pass.

Well, since I have no time for exercising, reading, shopping and so on during the weekdays, I, beyond question, will make the best use of my weekend. Staying at home and doing nothing? No way!I'm so not an indoor person.

1. I normally clean up my apartment / give my apartment a good cleanup.我一般会打扫房子/把房子好好打扫一下。
2. I usually catch up on my schoolwork.我会赶课程进度。
3. I mainly stay with my family.我主要跟家人在一起。
4. I usually help my mom with the housework. 我会帮我妈做家务。5. I mostly play computer games / online games / surf the Internet.我通常在玩电脑游戏/线上游戏/上网。
6. Nothing can be more relaxing than watching TV on the couch with a bag of potato chips.没有比抱着一大包薯片坐在沙发上看电视更令人放松的了！

1. I always spend time with friends / hang out with friends.
我经常跟朋友在一起/跟朋友出去。
2. I usually work out in the gym / go to a health club.
我通常会去健身房健身/上健身房。
3. I often go jogging / go swimming / go biking / go rollerblading.
我常去慢跑/游泳/骑自行车/滑旱冰。
4. I mostly go shopping / go window shopping / do grocery shopping/do food shopping. 我经常会去买东西/逛街/采购杂货/采购食物。
5. I mostly meet my boyfriend /girlfriend.我经常跟我男友/女友碰面，8. I usually go to the movies /go to the library. 我通常会去看电影/去书馆。
6. I mainly work at my part-time job.我主要在打工。

我绝不会跟团旅行。比起和其他人一起，我比较适合自己旅行。大部分的人对每件事情都容易有和别人相左的意见。但是人生实在太短了，不应该浪费在处理纠纷上。
I will never travel in groups. I am more suited to traveling by myself than with other people. Most people are prone to having different opinions about everything, but life is too short to be wasted on fixing an argument.

这并不重要。我习惯自己一个人，但也不介意有一些同伴。我总是很喜欢跟一群人在一起。我还没有跟其他人一起旅行过，所以我很期待有一种不同的体验。
It doesn't matter that much. I am used to being alone, but I don't mind having some company. I always enjoy being around with a group of people. I haven't traveled with other people yet, so I am looking forward to a different experience.

1. I'd prefer to travel with a big group of friends.
我喜欢跟一大群朋友一起旅行。
2. Of course in groups. I don't like to be alone.
当然是跟团旅行，我不喜欢独自一个人。
3. Traveling in groups sounds more fun.
跟团旅行听起来比较好玩。
5. If I must choose one, I choose to travel with others.
如果一定要选一个，我会选择跟其他人一起旅行。
6. I would definitely travel with my whole family. We always have so much fun together.
我当然是要跟我全家人一起旅行。我们在一起总是玩得很开心。
7. If I have to travel in groups, I'd travel with my family and friends rather than a bunch of strangers.
如果我必须跟团旅行，我会跟家人朋友一起旅行，而不是一群陌生人。

写作是我最新的消遣。我总是喜欢到处草草写下些想法，但一直到最近，我才发现写作真的很有趣。现在，当我没有什么事情要做时，我就会打开电脑开始写作。
Writing is my newest pastime. I always like to jot down some ideas here and there, but it was only until recently that I found writing really interesting. Now, when I don't have much to do, I turn on my computer and start to write.

徒步旅行让时间过得好快！而且，你在辛苦步行了几个小时之后，就会对山上的自然美景惊叹不已。而且有个好消息，就是当你照镜子时，你会看到一个比以往更瘦更健康的人。这岂不是太棒了！
Hiking burns time! Plus, you will be awed by the natural beauty in the mountains after a few hours of hard work. And the good news is when you look in the mirror, you see a person who is fitter and healthier than ever. How about that!

工作压力让我很痛苦，所以我会做一种运动让自己放松。瑜伽真的很符合我的需要。我早上练瑜伽，晚上沉思，然后就会一整天都有绝佳的身体状态和精神状态。
The stress from work can take its toll on me, so I'd rather do a sport that relaxes me. Yoga really fits my needs. I practice yoga in the morning and meditate in the evening, and I feel great both physically and mentally the whole day.

我喜欢做激烈一点的运动，所以比起游泳，我更喜欢球类运动。通常我会在放学后跟朋友碰面，然后会看心情选择打篮球或踢足球。我以前不是很擅长运动，但现在我可是势不可挡的。
I like sports that are more aggressive, so I prefer ball games to swimming. Usually I meet my friends after school and we play basketball or football, depending on our mood. I wasn't very good at sports, but now I am unstoppable.

我几乎喜欢每一种类型的电影。但我很容易受惊吓，所以我不太能看恐怖片。有一次我自己一个人看了一部恐怖片，可真吓死我了。我好几个小时之后才恢复情绪。
I enjoy pretty much every genre of movie. But I am a scaredy.cat, so I don't do well with horror movies. There was a time when I watched a horror movie by myself, and it scared the hell outta me.It took me hours to pull myself together.

1. I watch almost everything except horror movies.
除了恐怖片之外，我几乎什么都看。
2. I am not a big fan of romance. 我不是很爱看浪漫爱情电影。
3. Anything except thrillers.除了惊悚片之外都看。
4. I'd watch anything but romantic comedy. 只要不是浪漫爱情喜剧，我什么都看。
5. I like all sorts of movies, but I am not interested in action ones.
我喜欢所有类型的电影，不过我对动作片不是很有兴趣。

我已经迷上科幻小说好几年了。我正在读的其中一本是《麻雀》。我通常会同时看一本长篇小说和几本短篇小说，但因为时间限制，读完所有的书可能会花好几个星期。
I have been hooked on sci-fi for years. One of the books I am reading is The Sparrow. I usually pick up a long-length novel and a few short-length novels at the same time, but due to time constraints, it may take weeks before I finish all of them.

随着时间的流逝，直到现在，我明白我会做任何我心里渴望的事情。我值得如此！每年，我都会做一些不同的事。我可能会做一件以前没有做过的事情，或是开始学一种新语言。
As the years roll on, I know by now that I will do whatever my heart desires. I am so worth it! Every year, I do something different.I may do one thing I've never done before or start to learn a new language.

这是我生日爱做的事情。我会花一点时间想想我所感激的事。我将我的生日视作回顾过去人生以及展望未来的机会。我会时而打心里感到快乐，时而痛哭流涕。
This is my birthday indulgence. I take a moment to think about what I am grateful for. I see my birthday as a chance to look back on my life and look forward to my future. Sometimes I feel happy inside and sometimes I cry my heart out.

当我有那个心情时，我就会去参加派对。跟朋友碰面聊聊近况，看看最近流行什么，这真的很棒。但我从来不会喝太多酒，因为我不喜欢宿醉的感觉。有时候光是坐在一边享受音乐就很好玩了。
I go to parties when I am in the right mood. It's great to catch up with friends and see what's in style lately, but I never drink too much because I hate hangovers. Sometimes it's fun just to sit on the side and enjoy the music.

我是个起得很早的人。我一天中最喜欢的时间就是清晨。我会煮一壶咖啡，然后打开收音机。当我太太和孩子们还在床上睡时，这无忧无虑的三十分钟都是我自己的。这感觉真是好极了。
I am an early bird. My favorite time of day is in the early morning. I would brew a pot of coffee and turn on the radio. While my wife and children are still in bed, I take thirty blissful minutes all to myself. It feels wonderful.

每一天午夜过后就是我最喜欢的时间。我是个十足的夜猫子，而且我发现在这个安静的时间里做事真的非常有效率。但问题是我早上会赖在床上更久，上班可能就会迟到。
My favorite time is after midnight on any given day. I am such a night owl and I've found this quiet time to be a really productivity booster. But the problem is I tend to stay in bed longer in the morning and I might be late for work.

我喜欢很多名言，但是其中一个我始终牢记在心。“求知若饥，虚心若愚。”这句话非常简单，却意义深远。我把这句话贴在我的书桌上来提醒自己，我所知道的有限，并且应该不断学习新的事物。
I like so many quotes, but I remember one by heart. "Stay hungry. Stay foolish." It's simple, yet profound. I posted this quote on my desk to remind myself that I don't know everything and I should keep learning new things.

多年前我偶然看到一篇珍，古德所写的文章。在文章中她说：“对于我们的未来，最大的危险便是冷漠。”这句话说得真好。身为人类的我们，对待我们的地球不能只是袖手旁观什么事都不做。每一分努力都有价值。
I came across an article written by Jane Goodall many years ago. In the article she says, "The greatest danger to our future is apathy." It's well said. We as humans can't just sit back and do nothing about our planet. Every effort counts.

“做或不做，这是个值得思考的问题。”
1. "To be, or not to be, that is the question."
2. It's "By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before."
是“做你自己，你便为这个世界注入了一些不曾有过的美好事物。”
3. One of my favorite quotes is "Nothing wrong with looking like a fool if what you are doing is far from foolish."
我最喜欢的名言之一是“只要你不是在做一件愚蠢的事，即使看起来像个慢瓜也无所谓。”
4. "It's not that I'm so smart; it's just that I stay with problems longer."It has been my favorite quote since I first heard it.
“不是我聪明，只是我锲而不舍地面对问题。”自从我第一次听到这句话，它就一直是我最喜欢的名言了。
5. "Great acts are made up of small deeds."
“伟大的事迹是由小的行为累积而成。”
6. "For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness."-Ralph Waldo Emerson
你每生气一分钟，就等于失去了六十秒的快乐。（拉尔夫·瓦尔多，爱默生）

我的父母是我的终极偶像。在我的人生中，我很荣幸有两位让我尊敬的人。他们无条件地接受我，并帮助我走在正轨上。他们总是能让事情往正确的方向进行，真的是太了不起了。
My parents are my ultimate idols. I am honored to have two people to look up to in my life. They accept me for who I am and have helped me stay on the right track. It's amazing how they can always steer things into the right direction.